What is your favorite movie?
List characters from your favorite movie.
What is your favorite music artist called?
What is your least favorite month?
What is your favorite movie genre?
Who is your favorite movie director?
Who is your favorite fictional villain?
Who is your favorite fictional hero?
What is your favorite TV show?
What is your favorite streaming platform?
What is your favorite animated movie?
What is your favorite trilogy?
Who is your favorite actor/actress?
What is your favorite book?
Who is your favorite author?
What is your favorite podcast called?
What is your favorite video game?
What is your favorite game console?
What is your favorite board game?
What is your main comfort movie?
What is your favorite music album?
What is your favorite decade of music?
What is your favorite instrument?
Where is your favorite concert city?
What is the name of your favorite band?
What is your favorite music genre?
What genre of music do you like the least?
What is your favorite word?
What has your favorite soundtrack?
What is your favorite city?
What is your dream destination?
What is your favorite country?
What is your favorite beach called?
What is the name of your favorite mountain?
What season do you like the most?
What weather do you enjoy the most?
What weather do you dislike the most?
What is your favorite road trip snack?
What airline have you flown the most with?
What is your favorite landmark?
What is your favorite cuisine?
What is your favorite fruit?
What is your favorite vegetable?
What is your favorite dessert?
What is your favorite snack?
What is your favorite soda?
What fast food location do you visit the most?
What is your go-to comfort food?
What is your favorite ice cream flavor?
What is your favorite spice?
What is your favorite breakfast food?
Are you an early bird or a night owl?
What hobby do you enjoy the most?
What is your favorite sport?
What is your favorite sports team?
What is your favorite workout?
What is your favorite color?
What is your favorite scent?
What is your favorite holiday?
What is your favorite weekday?
What app do you spend the most time on?
What clothing brand do you wear the most?
What is your favorite shoe brand?
What is your favorite car brand?
What is your favorite tech brand?
Are you an introvert, extrovert, or an ambivert?
What is your favorite personality trait?
What is your least favorite personality trait?
What is your favorite way to relax?
What is your biggest fear? (1–2 words)
What or who is your biggest motivator?
What is your favorite superpower?
What is your favorite element? (fire, water, etc.)
What is your favorite time of day?
What year holds the best memories for you?
What is your favorite animal?
What is your favorite mythical creature?
What is your favorite cartoon character?
What is your favorite fictional universe?
What is your favorite aesthetic?
What was your favorite hobby as a kid?
What is/was your favorite school subject?
What is your favorite pizza topping?
What is your favorite flower?
What is your favorite tree?
What is your favorite gemstone?
What is your favorite outdoor activity?
What outdoor activity do you dislike the most?
What is your favorite indoor activity?
What indoor activity do you dislike the most?
What activity brings you the most comfort?
What is your dream job?
What is your dream car?
What is your dream house style?
What was your Favorite childhood toy?
What is your favorite memory location?
What is your favorite motivational word?
What is one of your guilty pleasures?
What is your favorite snack brand?
What is your favorite luxury brand?
What is your favorite fictional city?
Who is your favorite quote author?
What is your favorite art style?
What is your favorite museum named?
What is your favorite festival called?
Who is your favorite historical figure?
What is the name of your favorite inventor?
What is the name of your favorite athlete?